3266 docs rfc rewrite migrate low downtime live migration as migrate with near zero downtime (#3327)
timescale/docs: _partials/_migrate_live_setup_enable_replication.md

 Replica identity assists data replication by identifying the rows being modified. Your options are that

>    each table and hypertable in the source database has:

Reviewer: At present, the wording seems like all 3 below are important, but in actual either of them would work.

```suggestion
 Replica identity assists data replication by identifying the rows being modified. Your options are that
   each table and hypertable in the source database should either have:
```

- **A primary key**: Data replication defaults to the primary key of the table being replicated. 
  Nothing to do.   

> - **A viable unique index**: each table has a unique, non-partial, non-deferrable index that includes only columns

Reviewer 2: If such UNIQUE index doesn't exists, user can also create just to assist the migration and later than can drop it once the migration concludes.

Author: Done

  marked as `NOT NULL`. 
  For each table, set `REPLICA IDENTITY` to the viable unique index:

   ```shell
   psql -X -d $SOURCE -c 'ALTER TABLE <table name> REPLICA IDENTITY USING INDEX <_index_name>'
   ```
- **No primary key or viable unique index**: use brute force.  
   
  For each table, set `REPLICA IDENTITY` to `FULL`:
  ```shell
  psql -X -d $SOURCE -c 'ALTER TABLE {table_name} REPLICA IDENTITY FULL'
   ```
  For each `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statement, PostgreSQL reads the whole table to find all matching rows. This results
  in significantly slower replication. If you are expecting a large number of `UPDATE` or `DELETE` operations on the table,
  best practice is to not use `FULL`

  If your source database is running TimescaleDB v2.12 or lower, either: 
   * Your hypertables must have a primary key, otherwise `UPDATE` and `DELETE` events are not replicated.

>    * Update to the latest version of TimescaleDB and migrate using `REPLICA IDENTITY`.

Reviewer 2: I think we can skip this, the latest minimum version supported on cloud is 2.14.0 which already support setting REPLICA IDENTITY on hypertables.

Author: Done
